docs: added cw721-poap contract README.md (#96)
desmos-labs/desmos-contracts: contracts/cw721-poap/README.md

# CW721 POAP contract

Contract that defines the cw721-base contract having custom POAP `Metadata`, which is used by POAP contract.
To easily interact with the contract you can use the `cw721-poap` script available [here](https://github.com/desmos-labs/contract-utils/tree/main/utils), 
otherwise you can take a look at the supported messages in the following sections.

## Instantiate Message
Allows to initialize the contract. This message has the following parameters:
* `name`: Name of the NFT contract;
* `symbol`: Symbol of the NFT contract;
* `minter`: Address who is the only one to be able to create new NFTs.

> Here an example of instantiate message:

Author: ```suggestion
Here an example message to instantiate a contract:
```

```json
{
    "name": "test_name",
    "symbol": "test",
    "minter": "desmos1......"
}
```

## Execute Messages

### TransferNft
Allows to move a token to another account without triggering actions. This message has the following parameters:
* `recipient`: Address where the token transfer to;
* `token_id`: Id of the token which would be transferred.

An example of the message to transfer nft:
```json
{
    "transfer_nft": {
        "recipient": "desmos1......",
        "token_id": "1"
    }
}
```

### SendNft
Allows to move a token to another contract then trigger an action. This message has the following parameters:
* `contract`: Contract address where the token transfer to;
* `token_id`: Id of the token which would be transferred;
* `msg`: Base64 encoded message to trigger on the receiver contract.

> An example of the message to send nft having a trigger message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to send nft having a trigger message:
```

```json
{
    "send_nft": {
        "contract": "desmos1......",
        "token_id": "1",
        "msg": "eyJleGVjdXRlX2V4YW1wbGUiOnt9fQ=="
    }
}
```
**Note** the msg is base64-encoded of `{"execute_example":{}}`, which is the sample execution message on the target contract. 

### Approve

> Allows to give a user an access to transfer/send the token from the owner's account. This message has the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows a user to transfer/send the token from the owner's account. This message has the following parameters:
```

* `spender`: Address who would be assigned as an access of the token;
* `token_id`: Id of the target token;
* `expires`: Expiration time/height of this allowance, if it is set as `null` then it has no time/height limit.

> An example of the message to approve a user to have the sending/transferring access to a token with an expiration height:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example message to approve a user to have the sending/transferring access to a token with an expiration height:
```

```json
{
    "approve": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "token_id": "1",
        "expires": {
            "at_height": 1000
        }
    }
}
```

> An example of the message to approve a token to an operator with an expiration time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to approve a token to an operator with an expiration time:
```

```json
{
    "approve": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "token_id": "1",
        "expires": {
            "at_time": "2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"
        }
    }
}
```

> An example of the message to approve a token to an operator without any expiration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to approve a token to an operator without any expiration:
```

```json
{
    "approve": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "token_id": "1",
        "expires": null
    }
}
```

### Revoke
Allows to remove a previously granted approval. This message has the following parameters:
* `spender`: Address who would be revoked the permission of the given token;
* `token_id`: Id of the target token.

> An example of the message to revoke an operator to a token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to revoke an operator to a token:
```

```json
{
    "revoke": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "token_id": "1"
    }
}
```

### ApproveAll
Allows to give all the tokens transferring/sendind tokens approval to an operator from the owner's account. This message has the following parameters:
* `operator`: Address who is assigned to have all the tokens approvals in the owner's account;
* `expires`: Expiration time/height of this allowance, if it is set as `null` then it has no time/height limit.

> An example of the message to approve an operator all the tokens with an expiration height:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to approve an operator all the tokens with an expiration height:
```

```json
{
    "approve_all": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "expires": {
            "at_height": 1000
        }
    }
}
```

> An example of the message to approve an operator all the tokens with an expiration time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to approve an operator all the tokens with an expiration time:
```

```json
{
    "approve_all": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "expires": {
            "at_time": "2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"
        }
    }
}
```

> An example of the message to approve an operator all the tokens without any expiration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to approve an operator all the tokens without any expiration:
```

```json
{
    "approve_all": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "expires": null
    }
}
```

### RevokeAll
Allows to remove a previously granted approval all permission. This message has the following parameters:
* `operator`: Address who would be revoked operator permissions of all the tokens from the owner's account.

> An example of the message to revoke operator permissions to all the tokens from the owner's account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to revoke operator permissions to all the tokens from the owner's account:
```

```json
{
    "revoke": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
    }
}
```

### Mint
Allows the minter to mint a new NFT to a user. This message has the following parameters:
* `token_id`: unique id of the NFT;
* `owner`: the owner of the newly minted NFT;
* `token_uri`: universal resource identifier for this NFT;
* `extension`: the `POAP metadata` which includes claimer of this NFT.

> An example of the message to mint new NFT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to mint a new NFT:
```

```json
{
    "mint": {
        "token_id": "1",
        "owner": "desmos1......",
        "token_uri": "ipfs://token.erc721.metadata",
        "extension": {
            "claimer": "desmos1......"
        }
    }
}
```

### Burn
Allows to burn an NFT the sender has access to. This message has the following parameters:
* `token_id`: Id of the token that would be burned.

> An example of the message to burn an NFT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to burn an NFT:
```

```json
{
    "burn": {
        "token_id": "1"
    }
}
```

## Query Messages

### OwnerOf
Returns the owner of the given token, error if token does not exist. This message has the following parameters:
* `token_id`: Id of the target token;
* `include_expired`: Trigger to filter out expired approvals, unset or false will exclude expired approvals.

> Here Here an example meesage to query the owner of the given token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example meesage to query the owner of the given token:
```

Author: Sorry by the mistake of replace all. 🙏

> Here an example of the message to query the owner of the given token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the owner of the given token:
```

```json
{
    "owner_of": {
        "token_id": "1",
        "includ_expired": true,
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "owner": "desmos1......",
    "approvals": [
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "at_height": 1000
            }
        }, 
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "at_time": "2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "never": {}
            }
        },
    ]
}
```

### Approval
Returns an access owned by the given spender to the given token. This message has the following parameters:
* `token_id`: Id of the target token;
* `spender`: Address who has the sending/transferring access to the given token;
* `include_expired`: Trigger to filter out expired approvals, unset or false will exclude expired approvals.

> Here Here an example meesage to query the approval of the given token by a spender:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example meesage to query the approval of the given token by a spender:
```

> Here an example of the message to query the approval of the given token by a spender:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the approval of the given token by a spender:
```

```json
{
    "approval": {
        "token_id": "1",
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "includ_expired": true,
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "approval": {
        "spender": "desmos1......",
        "expiration": {
            "at_height": 1000
        }
    } 
}
```

### Approvals
Returns approvals that a token has. This message has the following parameters:
* `token_id`: Id of the target token;
* `include_expired`: Trigger to filter out expired approvals, unset or false will exclude expired approvals.

> Here Here an example meesage to query the approvals of the given token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example meesage to query the approvals of the given token:
```

> Here an example of the message to query the approvals of the given token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the approvals of the given token:
```

```json
{
    "approvals": {
        "token_id": "1",
        "includ_expired": true,
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "approvals": [
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "at_height": 1000
            }
        }, 
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "at_time": "2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "never": {}
            }
        },
    ]
}
```

### AllOperators
Lists all operators that can access all of the owner's tokens. This message has the following parameters:
* `owner`: Address of the owner to be queried.
* `include_expired`: Trigger to filter out expired approvals, unset or false will exclude expired approvals;
* `start_after`: Position in address where tokens start after;
* `limit`: Limitation to list the number of operators, if unset would be 10 and the maximum is 100.

> Here Here an example meesage to query the operators of the given owner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example meesage to query the operators of the given owner:
```

> Here an example of the message to query the operators of the given owner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the operators of the given owner:
```

```json
{
    "all_operators": {
        "owner": "desmos1......",
        "includ_expired": true,
        "start_after": "desmos1......",
        "limit": 10
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "operators": [
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "at_height": 1000
            }
        }, 
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "at_time": "2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "spender": "desmos1......",
            "expiration": {
                "never": {}
            }
        },
    ]
}
```

### NumTokens
Returns total number of tokens issued.

> Here an example of the message to query total number of tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query total number of tokens:
```

```json
{
    "num_tokens": {}
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "count": 1000
}
```

### ContractInfo
Returns top-level metadata about the contract.

> Here an example of the message to query the contract info of the contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the contract info of the contract:
```

```json
{
    "contract_info": {}
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "name": "test_name",
    "symbol": "test_symbol"
}
```

### NftInfo
Returns metadata about one particular token. This message has the following parameters:
* `token_id`: Id of the target token.

> Here an example of the message to query the info of the given token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the info of the given token:
```

```json
{
    "nft_info": {
        "token_id": "1"
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "token_uri": "ipfs://token.erc721.metadata",
    "extension": {
        "claimer": "desmos1......"
    }
}
```

### AllNftInfo

> Returns the result of both `NftInfo` and `OwnerOf` as one query as an optimization. This message has the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the result of both `NftInfo` and `OwnerOf`. This message has the following parameters:
```

* `token_id`: Id of the target token.
* `include_expired`: Trigger to filter out expired approvals, unset or false will exclude expired approvals.

> Here an example of the message to query all the info of the given token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query all the info of the given token:
```

```json
{
    "all_nft_info": {
        "token_id": "1",
        "include_expired": true
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "access": {
        "owner": "desmos1......",
        "approvals": [
            {
                "spender": "desmos1......",
                "expiration": {
                    "at_height": 1000
                }
            }, 
            {
                "spender": "desmos1......",
                "expiration": {
                    "at_time": "2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"
                }
            },
            {
                "spender": "desmos1......",
                "expiration": {
                    "never": {}
                }
            },
        ],
    },
    "info": {
        "token_uri": "ipfs://token.erc721.metadata",
        "extension": {
            "claimer": "desmos1......"
        }
    }
}
```

### Tokens
Returns all tokens owned by the given address. This message has the following parameters:
* `owner`: Target address owned tokens to be queried;
* `start_after`: Position in token id where tokens start after;
* `limit`: Limitation to list the number of tokens, if unset would be 10 and the maximum is 100.

> Here an example of the message to query all the tokens owned by the given address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query all the tokens owned by the given address:
```

```json
{
    "tokens": {
        "owner": "desmos1......",
        "start_after": "1",
        "limit": 3
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "tokens": ["2", "3", "4"]
}
```

### AllTokens
Lists all token_ids in the contract. This message has the following parameters:
* `start_after`: Position in token id where tokens start after;
* `limit`: Limitation to list the number of tokens, if unset would be 10 and the maximum is 100.

> Here an example of the message to query all the tokens in the contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query all the tokens in the contract:
```

```json
{
    "tokens": {
        "start_after": "1",
        "limit": 3
    }
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "tokens": ["2", "3", "4"]
}
```

### Minter
Returns the minter who is the one having access to mint NFT.

> Here an example of the message to query the minter of the contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to query the minter of the contract:
```
